they were born into this war and they
know nothing except this
Hospital Kamal adwan is one of the few
remaining hospitals in the north of
Gaza children are paying the heaviest
price due to the Israeli policy of
starvation children are suffering severe
malnutrition most of the infants and
children are hit with brain strokes we
are doing our best to save their lives
place them on medical ventilation if
children survive the Israeli ruthless
bombard
it is very unlikely they would survive
due to the
starvation children continue to pay a
heavy price in this war this mother
describes the desperate
situation my child fell sick and her
condition has been deteriorating the
staff managed to spare her life but
electric power is out most of the time
there's not enough fuel for generators
and the lies of these children here are
hanging by a thread we are living in
misery earlier in the week a United
Nations Convoy arrived with limited
supplies getting access to the north of
Gaza can only be done with the
permission of Israel members of the
World Health Organization were able to
evacuate two patients okay we arve today
in caladan with one of our Emergency
Medical Teams uh specialized in
prehospital care and referral medicine
to ensure a safe referral of two uh
children to South Gaza and then further
to uh a third country for further
Specialized Care it's a relief for the
parents who have witnessed their
children's
suffering FDI was doing well before the
war because he was getting the necessary
food and he was taking the necessary
milk and medicines but during the war
his condition deteriorated as these
things were not available no fruits no
vegetables Israel continues to block Aid
to Northern Gaza where AID agencies say
famine is imminent
but for these children who know nothing
of the world outside this hospital is
their only
Lifeline Assad B Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer